[Music]
this pretty blonde girl's clothes were
wet by cola
the perfect figure is looming her car
broke down just now
i have no choice but to stand on the
side of the road and change clothes
suddenly a man appeared mary was shocked
hurriedly hid behind the car and put on
clothes
the man's name is away that he is not
malicious
i saw him take off his shirt reveal
eight perfect dabs
mary looked at the arrogant tongue away
as an old driver
car repair woman soon in return mary
intends to take each other for a ride
the two talked and laughed all the way
listening to the music
but at this moment away suddenly
revealed his true face
he asked to go to the motel with mary to
find out
mary has to be reserved when she hears
it i'm not such a casual girl
i have to drive the other person out of
the car ah way is not afraid to take out
a knife
threatened mary to let her drive the car
to a deserted place
by the way just casually with her mary
succumbed to y way and had to do it
on the road she noticed that away was
not wearing a seat belt
so i made a plan to throw him out when
turning i didn't expect to be seen
through by away
in the process of competing for the
steering wheel two people rushed off the
cliff when the vehicle was out of
control
[Music]
when she wakes up the car has turned
upside down
a way was thrown out of the car she
hurriedly opened the seat belt
suddenly a sharp pain in the leg the
calf is stuck in the seat
i can't get out no matter how hard i
struggle she had no choice but to deal
with the wound on her body
then start looking for all available
tools just then away woke up
finished she hurriedly put away the
knife next to her
away watched mary gloating am i ugly
then go
and left without looking back leave mary
alone in the car
she broke her throat and no one
responded after all the wilderness here
don't talk about people no ghosts just
spend the night in a trance
the next morning mary is covered with
ants soon the only food and water left
in the car were consumed
in despair she heard the mobile phone
following the voice
she found the phone buried in the soil
but at this moment
away is back he snatched the phone
directly this time it's completely over
from then on away will visit her every
day eat and drink in front of her
destroy her inner defenses bit by bit
mary knew that only the man in front of
her could save him
no way had to agree to meet the other
party once in exchange for saving
oneself out
don't ask me my posture i do not know
either
but what she didn't expect was away this
bastard is not a person afterwards
threw her a broken saw and left and no
more people here
it's too scumbag mary took the saw and
started to saw the seat
but the silver piece fell off when i saw
it poor quality
she picked up the saw blade and aimed it
at her calf struggling for a while
after all i can't be cruel a group of
rats climbed into the car late at night
mary was terrified pick up the knife and
insert it she hasn't eaten for two days
looking at fresh rat meat
i will not say much temporarily solve
the food problem
water source has become a problem
nothing to do
she had to stuff the bottle into her
pants looking at huang can cans and
liquid
mary smash it smash it just had the
first sip
i was choked right away obviously some
have gotten hot recently
but it's better than nothing just then
the sky flashed and thundered
it started to rain i go you can't drink
until you're done
can't take care of so much the bottle is
too lazy to brush
picked up a full bottle of water ton ton
ton down irrigation
it's a pity the good times don't last
long the rain is getting heavier
the rain gradually poured into the car
it won't take long for mary to be
overwhelmed at this speed
to survive she tied her calf and took
out the saw blade
i gritted my teeth and saw it down she
mourned loudly
but i still don't believe it wave it but
what she didn't expect again was
this time the legs are sawn in vain lish
we rushed the car into the river
the door with the jammed leg was knocked
open mary got out of trouble
she climbed ashore with the last bit of
strength in the county
looking at the cut that was just sawn
ten thousand grass and mud horses passed
in mary's heart
she found a branch and used it as a
right to kidnap not long away
see a villa i thought i was finally
saved so speed up
as we approach there was a girl's cry
for help from inside
to save or not to save just when
hesitated
the girl's cry is getting louder and
louder mary couldn't bear it
dragged the right to abduction and
walked over suddenly
luckily that branch saved her sweep away
from mary
all around her trap traps she
circumvented the trap carefully
found through the window a woman was
tied up and thrown on the bed
on the other side away is abusing a man
turns out this man is a jc
away raised the nailing machine
mary was terrified cover your mouth in a
hurry super aways kung fu upstairs
cosplay
mary slipped into the house quietly
there are actually two s bodies inside
she secretly took jc's pistol came to
the girls room
saved the trapped girl at this moment
away shot in
she hurriedly hid behind the door when
approaching each other to enjoy the
happy time
mary appeared suddenly let go of her
bastard
if you dare to move you will die away is
also a desperate
the two wrestled the girl on the other
side also suddenly appeared to haunt
away
mary uses a woman but a killer bite
first
catch again but after all there is a
huge disparity in power between men and
women
these two moves are obviously not
powerful enough turned down by the
opponent
critical juncture mary finally used her
big move to kick the crotch
66-99 followed by a series of tricks
pinch this chapter can be called
textbook level away was subdued
instantly
she hurriedly fled upstairs and hid
overwhelming
mary doesn't talk about martial arts and
secretly steals knife from behind
directly pushed him down
at this moment away's leg is clamped by
the trap mary didn't have a king to
mourn him
but threw a knife to the opponent hey
just to play then she left with the girl
waterfall
this is the end of the video